Picture this: it's the last day of a very intense 5 week period. You get told that there is a job going and that you can interview in 30min. <i>30min?!?!</i> To prepare? Remember, I interview badly (or at least is what I think). So I sit opposite a man with a nice beard, who introduces himself as the CEO of a start-up (wait, I did a start-up thing a while ago...), who is looking for their first technical hire (wait, I am a technical person!). Fast forward about 30min (both the slowest and fastest 30min of my life at that time), and the man with the nice beard tells me to present to the office next Tuesday.

For the first few weeks, I learn about the vision, the mission, the USP of 59A, the intent. I put my good skills to use by creating sales materials for 59A's first big pitch: a huge map showing physical location of where our (prospective) client's physical locations are, where their competitors are, and what 59A's recommendations for digital advertising would be. The map on the left is the outcome of this, a whopping 1.5m x 0.75m map of the UK! The CEO and his co-founder would go around to pitch to clients and investors using those same assets.

A month in, I met the person who was going to become Head of Data (Hi, Six!), and 6 months later, I was leading a small team of academics from the following S2DS cohort on project for 59A. Mind you, I'm still the only technical person, and I am supposed to prepare this quasi-internship <i>in addition</i> to my day-to-day responsibilities. Start-ups are stressful!

This is where I learned my first 2 big career lessons, the first of which is obvious in hindsight: leading a team is hard! The second is a little more subtle, but no less important. It's Wednesday, halfway through the 5-week period, and while my S2DS experience was all on campus, this one was entirely online. 4 young and, frankly, confused faces look at me for guidance on what to do next and I'm stuck without an answer. I call the future Head of Data, and he tells me the second most important lesson I've ever learned: every project in our chosen discipline is about understanding what the Gold Standard is, figuring out what the logical next step is that we should take, and then taking it, no matter how small.

1.5 months later, and I had a Head of Data, a very small team, and 59A had even bigger ambitions. During the pandemic, we had to adapt to not being able to present assets in person, change the way we create maps and sales materials, and 59A is looking to expand to the American market.